1. Cristiano Ronaldo


Nearly 37, Cristiano Ronaldo's longevity is unlike anything we've seen in football, and is only matched by his eternal
 rival Lionel Messi (more on him later). Love him or hate him, the Portuguese superstar's statistical superiority cannot
 be denied. CR7 is the greatest goalscorer in the game's history, and the terrifying bit is that he's not finished yet.

Since making his debut for Manchester United in 2003 as an 18-year-old, Ronaldo has performed at the highest level for
 almost two decades. In that span, he has rewritten virtually every goalscoring record, and has won every individual 
accolade in his grasp.

2. Lionel Messi 


He has enjoyed a fulfilling 2021 calendar year. The 2021 Copa America triumph was the final piece of the 
puzzle, and a seventh Ballon d'Or crown is now the icing on the cake. But it feels like a formality at this point, as 
the Argentine legend has already cemented his place as the best player of all time.

The diminutive playmaker is undeniably the greatest attacking force to have stepped onto a football pitch. Whether it is 
gliding past players, unlocking defences with pinpoint passing or putting the ball into the back of the net, the 34-year-old
 continues to do it all at an elite level.

3. Diego Maradona


Football's greatest maverick and entertainer, Diego Maradona, was hated and adored in equal measure, but his brilliance
 was undeniable. He stole the spotlight as a teenager, making his debut for Argentinos Juniors before turning 16. 
Five years and 115 goals later, he fulfilled his dream of playing for Boca Juniors, leading them to the league title.

4. Pele


Pele is also the greatest player to have graced the FIFA World Cup, and by some distance. He led Brazil to three World Cup 
triumphs, in 1958, 1962 and 1970. The first win made him the youngest player ever to win football's biggest trophy; he was
 also named the Best Young Player at the tournament. He ended with the Golden Ball at the 1970 edition. Pele still holds 
the record for the most assists in FIFA World Cup history, with ten.

5. Johan Cruyff

Ajax and Barcelona legend Johan Cryuff remains the most influential player in history. Despite a list of individual 
accolades as long as your arm, Cryuff is also the greatest player never to win an international trophy.
